How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  When using diff, it will scan the two versions of a file for difference.
  It will pinpoint and print out the line number that contains the discrepancy.
  Therefore, line should be kept short so the program can compares bug easily.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you
a more efficient programmer in the long term?

  This way, you can learn from past mistakes or success. Furthermore, saving
  previous version lets you extract its functionality or even extend its
  capabilities.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved,
like Google Docs does?

  Let's start with cons. One of the drawback using manual commit is that
  authors' have different range of time for committing, so commit size may vary.
  And sometime authors may forget to commit after a long time editing.
  As for the pros, we set when commit to be made as well as size of the commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  Because the files are interrelated, meaning that changing one file has high
  chance that other files are to be changed as well. Google Docs files usually
  are not dependent with other file so it only commits its own file

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  git log prints out every commit you made on the files, including time of commit, author of commit, and notes on changes.
  git diff prints out the difference between files and pointing out whether it is an addition or deletion of its parts.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

  It allows user to revert to previous working version so breaking it won't really harm much.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

  I want to create a web project in which everything that happened around me while I am in University will be shown.
